---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_account Data Source - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the account data source to use a single
---

# ixapi_account (Data Source)

Use the `account` data source to use a single

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Reseller account, identified by external_ref
data "ixapi_account" "reseller" {
  external_ref = "demo_reseller"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--address))
- `billing_information` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--billing_information))
- `discoverable` (Boolean) The account will be included for all members of the ix in the list of accounts.  Only `id`, `name` and `present_in_metro_area_networks` are provided to other members.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `legal_name` (String) Legal name of the organisation. Only required when it's different from the account name. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of a managing account. Can be used for creating a customer hierachy. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `metro_area_network_presence` (List of String)
- `name` (String) Name of the account, how it gets represented in e.g. a "customers list".
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address`

Optional:

- `country` (String) ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code, for example DE
- `locality` (String) The locality/city. For example, Mountain View.
- `post_office_box_number` (String) The post office box number for PO box addresses.
- `postal_code` (String) A postal code. For example, 9404
- `region` (String) The region. For example, CA
- `street_address` (String) The street address. For example, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy.


<a id="nestedblock--billing_information"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_information`

Optional:

- `address` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--billing_information--address))
- `name` (String) Name of the organisation receiving invoices.
- `vat_number` (String) Value-added tax number, required for european reverse charge system.

<a id="nestedblock--billing_information--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_information.address`

Optional:

- `country` (String) ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code, for example DE
- `locality` (String) The locality/city. For example, Mountain View.
- `post_office_box_number` (String) The post office box number for PO box addresses.
- `postal_code` (String) A postal code. For example, 9404
- `region` (String) The region. For example, CA
- `street_address` (String) The street address. For example, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy.



<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


