---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_ips Data Source - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get IP addresses associated with a network service (config) or network feature (config) with this data source
---

# ixapi_ips (Data Source)

Get IP addresses associated with a network service (config) or network feature (config) with this data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get all ipv6 addresses for a customer
data "ixapi_ips" "customer1v6" {
  consuming_customer = "customer_id"
  network_service = "mp2mp_network_service_id"
  version = 6
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `consuming_account` (String) Filter by account using the ip addresses
- `external_ref` (String) Filter by external reference
- `ips` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ips))
- `managing_account` (String) Filter by account managing the service or config
- `network_feature` (String) Filter by ID of the network feature
- `network_feature_config` (String) Filter by ID of the network feature config
- `network_service` (String) Filter by ID of the network service, see related data source(s)
- `network_service_config` (String) Filter by ID of the network service config, e.g. in case of an exchange lan. See related data source(s).
- `version` (Number) Filter by IP address version (4 or 6)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ips`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 Address in the following format: - IPv4: [dot-decimal notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot-decimal_notation) - IPv6: hexadecimal colon separated notation
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `fqdn` (String)
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The CIDR ip prefix length
- `valid_not_after` (String)
- `valid_not_before` (String)
- `version` (Number) The version of the internet protocol.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


