---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_features_route_server Data Source - ix-api-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the ixapinetworkfeaturerouteserver data source to retrieve a list of route server network features, required for an exchange lan network service configuration
---

# ixapi_network_features_route_server (Data Source)

Use the ixapi_network_feature_route_server data source to retrieve a list of route server network features, required for an exchange lan network service configuration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_service` (String) Filter by related (exchange lan) network service

### Optional

- `network_features` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_features))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--network_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_features`

Optional:

- `address_families` (List of String)
- `asn` (Number)
- `available_bgp_session_types` (List of String)
- `flags` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_features--flags))
- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the route server.
- `ip_v4` (String) IPv4 address in [dot-decimal notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot-decimal_notation) notation.  This field is only set if the `address_families` include `af_inet`.
- `ip_v6` (String) IPv6 address in hexadecimal colon separated notation.  This field is only set if the `address_families` include `af_inet6`.
- `looking_glass_url` (String) The url of the looking glass.
- `name` (String)
- `network_service` (String)
- `nfc_required_contact_roles` (List of String)
- `required` (Boolean)
- `session_mode` (String) When creating a route server feature config, remember to specify the same session_mode as the route server.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--network_features--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_features.flags`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the feature flag.
- `mandatory` (Boolean) This feature will always be enabled, even if not provided in the corresponding config's list of `flags`.
- `name` (String) The name of the feature flag.


