---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_facilities Data Source - ix-api-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the data source to fetch a list of facilities
---

# ixapi_facilities (Data Source)

Use the data source to fetch a list of facilities



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address_country` (String) Filter by country of the facilitie's address
- `address_locality` (String) Filter by locality ('city') of the facilitie's address
- `facilities` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--facilities))
- `metro_area` (String) Filter facilities by metro area ID
- `metro_area_network` (String) Filter by metro are network ID
- `organisation_name` (String) Filter by name of the organisation operating the facility
- `peeringdb_facility_id` (Number) Filter byu peeringdb id
- `postal_code` (String) Filter by postal code of the facilitie's address

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--facilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `facilities`

Optional:

- `address_country` (String) ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code, for example DE
- `address_locality` (String) The locality/city. For example, Mountain View.
- `address_region` (String) The region. For example, CA
- `latitude` (Number) Latitude of the facility's location.
- `longitude` (Number) Longitude of the facility's location.
- `metro_area` (String) Id of the `MetroArea` the DC is located in.
- `name` (String) Name of the Datacenter as called by the operator
- `organisation_name` (String) Name of Datacenter operator
- `peeringdb_facility_id` (Number) [PeeringDB](https://www.peeringdb.com) facitlity ID, can be extracted from the url https://www.peeringdb.com/fac/$id
- `pops` (List of String)
- `postal_code` (String) A postal code. For example, 9404
- `street_address` (String) The street address. For example, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


