---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_services_exchange_lan Data Source - terraform-provider-ix-api"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get network services of type: exchange lan
---

# ixapi_network_services_exchange_lan (Data Source)

Get network services of type: exchange lan



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `consuming_account` (String) Filter by id of the account consuming the network service
- `external_ref` (String) Filter by external reference
- `managing_account` (String) Filter by id of account managing the network service
- `metro_area_network` (String) Filter by metro area network id, see related data source
- `network_services` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_services))
- `pop` (String) Filter network services by presence at the pop (id). See point of presence data source.
- `product_offering` (String) Filter network services by prouduct offering id

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--network_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_services`

Optional:

- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `ixfdb_ixid` (Number) id of ixfdb
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `metro_area_network` (String) Id of the `MetroAreaNetwork` where the exchange lan network service is directly provided.  Same as `service_metro_area_network` on the related `ProductOffering`.
- `name` (String) Exchange-dependent service name, will be shown on the invoice.
- `network_features` (List of String)
- `nsc_required_contact_roles` (List of String)
- `peeringdb_ixid` (Number) PeeringDB ixid
- `product_offering` (String) *deprecation notice*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_services--status))
- `subnet_v4` (String) IPv4 subnet in [dot-decimal notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot-decimal_notation) CIDR notation.
- `subnet_v6` (String) IPv6 subnet in hexadecimal colon separated CIDR notation.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--network_services--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_services.status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


