---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_services_p2p_vc Data Source - terraform-provider-ix-api"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get network services of type: p2p virtual circuit
---

# ixapi_network_services_p2p_vc (Data Source)

Get network services of type: p2p virtual circuit



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `consuming_account` (String) Filter by id of the account consuming the network service
- `external_ref` (String) Filter by external reference
- `managing_account` (String) Filter by id of account managing the network service
- `network_services` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_services))
- `pop` (String) Filter network services by presence at the pop (id). See point of presence data source.
- `product_offering` (String) Filter network services by prouduct offering id

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--network_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_services`

Optional:

- `billing_account` (String) An account requires billing_information to be used as a `billing_account`. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `capacity` (Number) The capacity of the service in Mbps. When null, the maximum capacity will be used.
- `charged_until` (String) The service continues incurring charges until this date. Typically `≥ decommission_at`.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `current_billing_start_date` (String) Your obligation to pay for the service will start on this date.  However, this date may change after an upgrade and not reflect the inital start date of the service.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `decommission_at` (String) The service will be decommissioned on this date.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.
- `display_name` (String) Name of the point to point virtual circuit.  It is visible to all parties allowed to connect to this virtual circuit.  It is intended for humans to make sense of.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `joining_member_account` (String) The account of the B-side member joining the virtual circuit.
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `nsc_product_offerings` (List of String)
- `nsc_required_contact_roles` (List of String)
- `product_offering` (String)
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_services--status))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--network_services--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_services.status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


