---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_mac Data Source - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to reference a single mac by address, external ref or id
---

# ixapi_mac (Data Source)

Use this data source to reference a single mac by address, external ref or id

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get a mac address using the external ref
data "ixapi_mac" "customer1" {
  external_ref = "customer:1,new"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (String) Unicast MAC address, formatted hexadecimal values with colons.
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `valid_not_after` (String) When a mac address is assigned to an NSC, and the current datetime is before this value, the MAC address *can* be used on the peering platform.  Afterwards, it is supposed to be unassigned from the NSC and cannot any longer be used on the peering platform.  If the value is null or the property does not exist, the MAC address is valid indefinitely. The value may not be in the past.
- `valid_not_before` (String) When a mac address is assigned to a NSC, and the current datetime is before this value, then the MAC address *cannot* be used on the peering platform.  Afterwards, it is supposed to be available. If the value is `null` or the property does not exist, the mac address is valid from the creation date.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


