---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_port_reservations Data Source - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to query for port reservations. Use the ixapi_port_reservation resource to reference and change port reservations of a connection. You can use the ixapi_port_reservation resource to import a port reservation, from a connection by passing a port_num. In most cases you will most likely use the port reservation resource instead of the data source.
---

# ixapi_port_reservations (Data Source)

Use this data source to query for port reservations. Use the `ixapi_port_reservation` resource to reference and change port reservations of a connection. You can use the `ixapi_port_reservation` **resource** to import a port reservation, from a connection by passing a `port_num`. In most cases you will most likely use the port reservation resource instead of the data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ixapi_port_reservations" "fra1" {
  network_connection = resource.ixapi_connection.fra1.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `external_ref` (String) Filter by external ref
- `network_connection` (String) Filter by connection
- `port` (String) Filter by port
- `port_reservations` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--port_reservations))
- `state` (String) Filter by states like `production`, `allocated`, `testing`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--port_reservations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_reservations`

Optional:

- `charged_until` (String) The service continues incurring charges until this date. Typically `≥ decommission_at`.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `connecting_party` (String) Name of the service provider who establishes connectivity on your behalf.  This is only relevant, if the cross connect initiator is the `subscriber`.  Please refer to the usage guide of the internet exchange.
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `cross_connect_id` (String) An optional identifier of a cross connect.
- `current_billing_start_date` (String) Your obligation to pay for the service will start on this date.  However, this date may change after an upgrade and not reflect the inital start date of the service.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `decommission_at` (String) The service will be decommissioned on this date.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.
- `exchange_side_demarc` (String) Exchange side demarc information. This field will only be filled in when the port state is `allocated` or in `production`.  Otherwise this field will be `null`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `network_connection` (String) The `Port` will become part of this connection.
- `port` (String) This field will be null, until a port will be allocated.
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--port_reservations--status))
- `subscriber_side_demarc` (String) In an exchange initiated scenario, this field will indicated one of the provided `subscriber_side_demarcs` from the connection.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--port_reservations--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_reservations.status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


