---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_product_offerings_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the product offerings data source to get a list of connection product offerings
---

# ixapi_product_offerings_connection (Data Source)

Use the product offerings data source to get a list of connection product offerings

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Find product offerings for a connection
data "ixapi_metro_area" "fra" {
  iata_code = "fra"
}

data "ixapi_product_offerings_connection" "conn_10g_fra" {
  handover_metro_area = data.ixapi_metro_area.fra.id
  physical_port_speed = 10000
}

output "product_offerings" {
  value = data.ixapi_product_offerings_connection.conn_10g_fra.product_offerings
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cross_connect_initiator` (String) Filter by cross connect initiator
- `downgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Find connection product offerings where downgrade is allowed
- `handover_metro_area` (String) Filter by handover metro area ID, see related metro area data source.
- `handover_metro_area_network` (String) Filter by handover metro area network ID, see related data source.
- `handover_pop` (String) Filter by ID of the point of presence, where the physical port will be present.
- `name` (String) Filter product offerings by name
- `physical_port_speed` (Number) Filter by physical port speed
- `product_offerings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--product_offerings))
- `service_provider` (String) Filter by service provider name
- `upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Find connection product offerings where upgrade is allowed

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--product_offerings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `product_offerings`

Optional:

- `contract_terms` (String) The contract terms informally describe the contract period and renewals.
- `cross_connect_initiator` (String) A cross connect can be initiated by either the exchange or the subscriber.  This property affects which side has to provide a LOA and demarc information.
- `display_name` (String)
- `downgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the service can be migrated to a lower bandwidth.
- `exchange_logo` (String) An URI referencing the logo of the internet exchange.
- `handover_metro_area` (String) Id of the `MetroArea`. The network service will be accessed from this metro area.  In case of a `p2p_vc`, the `handover_metro_area` refers to the A-side of the point-to-point connection. The A-side is the entity which initiates the network service creation.
- `handover_metro_area_network` (String) Id of the `MetroAreaNetwork`. The service will be accessed through the handover metro area network.  In case of a `p2p_vc`, the `handover_metro_area_network` refers to the A-side of the point-to-point connection. The A-side is the entity which initiates the network service creation.
- `handover_pop` (String) The ID of the point of presence (see `/pops`), where the physical port will be present.
- `maximum_port_quantity` (Number) The maximum amount of ports which can be aggregated in the connection. `null` means no limit.
- `name` (String) Name of the product
- `notice_period` (String) The notice period informally states constraints which define when the client needs to inform the IXP in order to prevent renewal of the contract.
- `orderable_not_after` (String) This product offering will become unavailable for ordering after this point in time.
- `orderable_not_before` (String) This product offering becomes available for ordering after this point in time.
- `physical_port_speed` (Number) If the service is dependent on the speed of the physical port this field denotes the speed.
- `product_logo` (String) An URI referencing a logo for the product offered.
- `required_contact_roles` (List of String)
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type refers to an ix-api resource.
- `service_provider` (String) The name of the provider providing the service.
- `service_provider_logo` (String) An URI referencing the logo of the service provider.
- `upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the service can be migrated to a higher bandwidth.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


