---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_product_offerings_cloud_vc Data Source - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used to find product offerings for cloud virtual circuits.
---

# ixapi_product_offerings_cloud_vc (Data Source)

This data source can be used to find product offerings for cloud virtual circuits.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get cloud virtual circuit product offerings
data "ixapi_product_offerings_cloud_vc" "all" {
  cloud_key = "fc4201-dn311-fj03992"
  bandwidth = 1000
  delivery_method = "dedicated"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) Find product offerings where bandwidth is within the range of bandwidth_min and bandwidth_max.
- `cloud_key` (String) If the service_provider_workflow is provider_first the cloud_key will be used for filtering the relevant offerings.
- `delivery_method` (String) Filter cloud network product offerings by delivery method (shared or dedicated).
- `downgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Find connection product offerings where downgrade is allowed
- `handover_metro_area` (String) Filter by metro area id, see related data source. The service will be accessed from this metro area
- `handover_metro_area_network` (String) Filter by metro area network id, see related data source. The service will be accessed through the handover metro area network.
- `name` (String) Filter by name of the product offering
- `physical_port_speed` (Number) Filter by physical port speed
- `product_offerings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--product_offerings))
- `service_metro_area` (String) Filter by metro area id, see releated data source. The service metro area is where the service is delived to the customer.
- `service_metro_area_network` (String) Filter by metro area network id, see related data source. The service is directly accessible through this metro area network
- `service_provider` (String) Filter by service provider name
- `service_provider_pop` (String) Filter by id of the service provider pop. See `ixapi_pops` data source.
- `service_provider_region` (String) Filter by cloud service provider region.
- `upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Find connection product offerings where upgrade is allowed

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--product_offerings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `product_offerings`

Optional:

- `bandwidth_max` (Number) When not `null`, this value enforces a mandatory rate limit for all network service configs.
- `bandwidth_min` (Number) When configuring access to the network service, at least this `capacity` must be provided.
- `contract_terms` (String) The contract terms informally describe the contract period and renewals.
- `delivery_method` (String) The exchange delivers the service over a `shared` or `dedicated` NNI.
- `display_name` (String)
- `diversity` (Number) The service can be delivered over multiple handovers from the exchange to the `service_provider`. The `diversity` denotes the number of handovers between the exchange and the service provider. A value of two signals a redundant service.  Only one network service configuration for each `handover` and `cloud_vlan` can be created.
- `downgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the service can be migrated to a lower bandwidth.
- `exchange_logo` (String) An URI referencing the logo of the internet exchange.
- `handover_metro_area` (String) Id of the `MetroArea`. The network service will be accessed from this metro area.  In case of a `p2p_vc`, the `handover_metro_area` refers to the A-side of the point-to-point connection. The A-side is the entity which initiates the network service creation.
- `handover_metro_area_network` (String) Id of the `MetroAreaNetwork`. The service will be accessed through the handover metro area network.  In case of a `p2p_vc`, the `handover_metro_area_network` refers to the A-side of the point-to-point connection. The A-side is the entity which initiates the network service creation.
- `name` (String) Name of the product
- `notice_period` (String) The notice period informally states constraints which define when the client needs to inform the IXP in order to prevent renewal of the contract.
- `orderable_not_after` (String) This product offering will become unavailable for ordering after this point in time.
- `orderable_not_before` (String) This product offering becomes available for ordering after this point in time.
- `physical_port_speed` (Number) If the service is dependent on the speed of the physical port this field denotes the speed.
- `product_logo` (String) An URI referencing a logo for the product offered.
- `provider_vlans` (String) The `NetworkService` provides `single` or `multi`ple vlans.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type refers to an ix-api resource.
- `service_metro_area` (String) Id of the `MetroArea`. The service is delivered in this metro area.  In case of a `p2p_vc`, the `service_metro_area` refers to the B-side of the point-to-point connection. The B-side is the accepting party.
- `service_metro_area_network` (String) Id of the `MetroAreaNetwork`. The service is directly provided on the metro area network.  In case of a `p2p_vc`, the `service_metro_area_network` refers to the B-side of the point-to-point connection. The B-side is the accepting party.
- `service_provider` (String) The name of the provider providing the service.
- `service_provider_logo` (String) An URI referencing the logo of the service provider.
- `service_provider_pop` (String) The datacenter description of the partner NNI to the service provider.
- `service_provider_region` (String) The service provider offers the network service for a specific region.
- `service_provider_workflow` (String) When the workflow is `provider_first` the subscriber creates a circuit with the cloud provider and provides a `cloud_key` for filtering the product-offerings.  If the workflow is `exchange_first` the IX will create the cloud circuit on the provider side.
- `upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the service can be migrated to a higher bandwidth.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


