---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_service_config_exchange_lan Resource - ix-api-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the ixapi_nsc_exchange_lan resource to provision an access to an exchange lan for a customer.
---

# ixapi_network_service_config_exchange_lan (Resource)

Use the `ixapi_nsc_exchange_lan` resource to provision an access to an exchange lan for a customer.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `asns` (List of Number)
- `billing_account` (String) An account requires billing_information to be used as a `billing_account`. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `listed` (Boolean) The customer wants to be featured on the member list
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `network_connection` (String) The id of the connection to use for this `NetworkServiceConfig`.
- `network_service` (String) The id of the configured network service.
- `product_offering` (String) The product offering must match the type `exchange_lan` and must refer to the related network service through the `exchange_lan_network_service` property.
- `role_assignments` (List of String)
- `vlan_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vlan_config))

### Optional

- `capacity` (Number) The capacity of the service in Mbps. If set to Null, the maximum capacity will be used, i.e. the virtual circuit is not rate-limited.  An exchange may choose to constrain the available capacity range of a `ProductOffering`.  That means, the service can consume up to the total bandwidth of the `Connection`.  Typically the service is charged based on the capacity.
- `charged_until` (String) The service continues incurring charges until this date. Typically `≥ decommission_at`.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `current_billing_start_date` (String) Your obligation to pay for the service will start on this date.  However, this date may change after an upgrade and not reflect the inital start date of the service.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `decommission_at` (String) The service will be decommissioned on this date.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `ips` (List of String)
- `macs` (List of String)
- `network_feature_configs` (List of String)
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--vlan_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vlan_config`

Required:

- `vlan_type` (String) The vlan_type determines if a additional configuration is required: For `port` no configuration is required, `qinq` and `dot1q` require the config specific fields to be set.

Optional:

- `inner_vlan` (Number) ID of the inner VLan. Only required with QinQ vlan type.
- `outer_vlan` (Number) ID of ther outer VLAN. If not present, the IXP will select a valid ID. Only required for vlan type QinQ.
- `outer_vlan_ethertype` (String) Outer vlan ether type, defaults to: 0x8100. Only used with type QinQ.
- `vlan` (Number) A VLAN tag. If not present, the IXP will auto-select a valid vlan-id. Only used with VLAN type Dot1Q.
- `vlan_ethertype` (String) VLAN ether type, defaults to: 0x8100. Only used with type Dot1Q.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


