---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_feature_config_route_server Resource - terraform-provider-ix-api"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the ixapi_nfc_route_server resource to configure access to a route server in the exchange lan.
---

# ixapi_network_feature_config_route_server (Resource)

Use the `ixapi_nfc_route_server` resource to configure access to a route server in the exchange lan.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `asn` (Number) The ASN of the peer.
- `bgp_session_type` (String) The session type describes which of the both parties will open the connection. If set to passive, the customer router needs to open the connection. If its set to active, the route server will open the connection. The standard behavior on most exchanges is passive.
- `billing_account` (String) An account requires billing_information to be used as a `billing_account`. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `ip` (String) The BGP session will be established from this IP address, referenced by ID.  Only IDs of IPs assigned to the corresponding network service config can be used.
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `network_feature` (String)
- `network_service_config` (String)
- `role_assignments` (List of String)
- `session_mode` (String) Set the session mode with the routeserver.

### Optional

- `as_set_v4` (String) AS-SET of the customer for IPv4 prefix filtering. This is used to generate filters on the router servers.  Only valid referenced prefixes within the AS-SET are allowed inbound to the route server. All other routes are filtered.  This field is *required* if the route server network feature only supports the `af_inet` address family. If multiple address families are supported, it is optional if the `as_set_v6` is provided.  Important: The format has to be: "AS-SET@IRR". IRR is the database where the AS-SET is registred. Typically used IRR's are RADB, RIPE, NTTCOM, APNIC, ALTDB, LEVEL3, ARIN, AFRINIC, LACNIC
- `as_set_v6` (String) AS-SET of the customer for IPv6. This is used to generate filters on the router servers. Only valid referenced prefixes within the AS-SET are allowed inbound to the route server. All other routes are filtered.  This field is *required* if the route server network feature only supports the `af_inet6` address family. If multiple address families are supported, it is optional if the `as_set_v4` is provided.  Important: The format has to be: "AS-SET@IRR". IRR is the database where the AS-SET is registred. Typically used IRR's are RADB, RIPE, NTTCOM, APNIC, ALTDB, LEVEL3, ARIN, AFRINIC, LACNIC
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `flags` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--flags))
- `insert_ixp_asn` (Boolean) Insert the ASN of the exchange into the AS path. This function is only used in special cases. In 99% of all cases, it should be false.
- `max_prefix_v4` (Number) Announcing more than `max_prefix` IPv4 prefixes the bgp session will be droped.
- `max_prefix_v6` (Number) Announcing more than `max_prefix` IPv6 prefixes the bgp session will be droped.
- `password` (String) The cleartext BGP session password
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flags`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the feature.  *Mandatory features can not be disabled*.
- `name` (String) The name of the feature flag.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


