---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_service_config_cloud_vc Resource - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the ixapi_network_service_config_cloud_vc resource to provision an access to a point to point virutal circuit.
---

# ixapi_network_service_config_cloud_vc (Resource)

Use the `ixapi_network_service_config_cloud_vc` resource to provision an access to a point to point virutal circuit.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_account` (String) An account requires billing_information to be used as a `billing_account`. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `cloud_vlan` (Number) If the `provider_vlans` property of the `ProductOffering` is `multi`, a numeric value refers to a specific vlan on the service provider side.  Otherwise, if set to `null`, it refers to all unmatched vlan ids on the service provider side. (All vlan ids from the service provider side are presented as tags within any vlans specified in `vlan_config`.)  If the `provider_vlans` property of the `ProductOffering` is `single`, the `cloud_vlan` MUST be `null` or MUST NOT be provided.
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `handover` (Number) The handover enumerates the connection and is required for checking diversity constraints.  It must be within `1 <= x <= network_service.diversity`.
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `network_connection` (String) The id of the connection to use for this `NetworkServiceConfig`.
- `network_service` (String) The id of the configured network service.
- `role_assignments` (List of String)
- `vlan_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vlan_config))

### Optional

- `charged_until` (String) The service continues incurring charges until this date. Typically `≥ decommission_at`.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `current_billing_start_date` (String) Your obligation to pay for the service will start on this date.  However, this date may change after an upgrade and not reflect the inital start date of the service.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `decommission_at` (String) The service will be decommissioned on this date.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `network_feature_configs` (List of String)
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--vlan_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vlan_config`

Required:

- `vlan_type` (String) The vlan_type determines if a additional configuration is required: For `port` no configuration is required, `qinq` and `dot1q` require the config specific fields to be set.

Optional:

- `inner_vlan` (Number) ID of the inner VLan. Only required with QinQ vlan type.
- `outer_vlan` (Number) ID of ther outer VLAN. If not present, the IXP will select a valid ID. Only required for vlan type QinQ.
- `outer_vlan_ethertype` (String) Outer vlan ether type, defaults to: 0x8100. Only used with type QinQ.
- `vlan` (Number) A VLAN tag. If not present, the IXP will auto-select a valid vlan-id. Only used with VLAN type Dot1Q.
- `vlan_ethertype` (String) VLAN ether type, defaults to: 0x8100. Only used with type Dot1Q.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


