---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_network_service_p2mp_vc Resource - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the ixapi_network_service_p2mp_vc resource to create and manage a point to multi point virtual circuit. Participants need to create an ixapi_network_service_config_p2p_vc. A public p2p vc can be joined by everyone on the exchange, unless denied by a member joining rule. You can create and manage joining rules using the ixapi_member_joining_rule resource.
---

# ixapi_network_service_p2mp_vc (Resource)

Use the `ixapi_network_service_p2mp_vc` resource to create and manage a point to multi point virtual circuit. Participants need to create an `ixapi_network_service_config_p2p_vc`. A public p2p vc can be joined by everyone on the exchange, unless denied by a member joining rule. You can create and manage joining rules using the `ixapi_member_joining_rule` resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_account` (String) An account requires billing_information to be used as a `billing_account`. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `consuming_account` (String) The `id` of the account consuming a service.  Used to be `owning_customer`.
- `managing_account` (String) The `id` of the account responsible for managing the service via the API. A manager can read and update the state of entities.
- `product_offering` (String)

### Optional

- `charged_until` (String) The service continues incurring charges until this date. Typically `≥ decommission_at`.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `current_billing_start_date` (String) Your obligation to pay for the service will start on this date.  However, this date may change after an upgrade and not reflect the inital start date of the service.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `decommission_at` (String) The service will be decommissioned on this date.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.
- `display_name` (String) Name of the point to multi-point virtual circuit.  It is visible to all parties allowed to connect to this virtual circuit.  It is intended for humans to make sense of.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `member_joining_rules` (List of String)
- `network_features` (List of String)
- `nsc_product_offerings` (List of String)
- `nsc_required_contact_roles` (List of String)
- `public` (Boolean) A public p2mp network service can be joined by everyone on the exchange unless denied by a member-joining-rule.  Public network services are visible to other members of the IXP, however only `name`, `type`, `product_offering`, `consuming_account` and `managing_account` are made available.  Other required fields are redacted.
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


