---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixapi_port_reservation Resource - terraform-provider-ixapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the ixapi_port_reservation resource to manage port reservations for a connection. You can create a new port reservation by only passing the connection to the resource, or you can reference an already allocated port reservation, which was created when the connection was allocated, by specifying a port_num (starting at 1).
---

# ixapi_port_reservation (Resource)

Use the `ixapi_port_reservation` resource to manage port reservations for a connection. You can create a new port reservation by only passing the `connection` to the resource, or you can reference an already allocated port reservation, which was created when the connection was allocated, by specifying a `port_num` (starting at 1).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_connection` (String) The `Port` will become part of this connection.

### Optional

- `charged_until` (String) The service continues incurring charges until this date. Typically `≥ decommission_at`.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `connecting_party` (String) Name of the service provider who establishes connectivity on your behalf.  This is only relevant, if the cross connect initiator is the `subscriber`.  Please refer to the usage guide of the internet exchange.
- `contract_ref` (String) A reference to a contract. If no specific contract is used, a default MAY be chosen by the implementer. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `cross_connect_id` (String) An optional identifier of a cross connect.
- `current_billing_start_date` (String) Your obligation to pay for the service will start on this date.  However, this date may change after an upgrade and not reflect the inital start date of the service.  *(Sensitive Property)*
- `decommission_at` (String) The service will be decommissioned on this date.  This field is only used when the state is `DECOMMISSION_REQUESTED` or `DECOMMISSIONED`.
- `exchange_side_demarc` (String) Exchange side demarc information. This field will only be filled in when the port state is `allocated` or in `production`.  Otherwise this field will be `null`.
- `external_ref` (String) Reference field, free to use for the API user. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `port` (String) This field will be null, until a port will be allocated.
- `port_num` (Number) When the `port_num` is provided, the resource will reference an already allocated port reservation. Starting at 1.
- `purchase_order` (String) Purchase Order ID which will be displayed on the invoice. *(Sensitive Property)*
- `state` (String)
- `status` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))
- `subscriber_side_demarc` (String) In an exchange initiated scenario, this field will indicated one of the provided `subscriber_side_demarcs` from the connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) A human readable message, describing the problem and may contain hints for resolution.
- `severity` (Number) We are using syslog severity levels: 0 = Emergency, 1 = Alert, 2 = Critical, 3 = Error, 4 = Warning, 5 = Notice, 6 = Informational, 7 = Debug.
- `tag` (String) A machine readable message identifier.
- `timestamp` (String) The time and date when the event occured.


